yeah
a dude rob is a little cosmos
with its homeworlds creatures
drama i wanted to take the ship
of the imagination on an epic
voyage into the biosphere of a
single dewdrop we're entering
the dewdrop and damages showing
cell structures showing
close-ups else is aiding and
looking creatures that are greed
and animals smaller than the
head of a pen
we took still images from
scanning electron micrographs
and the BF x team were able to
give them motion and give them
life we take you down and keep
changing scale until we're at
the microcosmic scale level when
you get down to those levels and
you conceptualize it a whole new
world emerges you're looking at
something that's even in the
microscope
it's hard to see and so it's
doing that seamless transition
from one world into another
world and showing you with that
when you're walking on grass and
there's a little dewdrop there
you have no idea you're stepping
on the entire universe that's
life in the drop
yeah